I'm bringing ionic Cerf back up because the next steps can be tested in the browser and there.
I first of all want to work on the styling for Dad.
Let me go to my location picker and I'll copy the styles and set up there and move them into my image
picker SC is as follows.
And yes as I mentioned you could definitely refactor the shell around our picker logic.
So does container because I'll keep that picker style just as I set it up here for the location picker
and location image will alter state of weight is I'll rename it from location image to just the image
though because that is the name I'm using here in my image.
Pick our template so let's wait for this to reload here in the browser yep that looks better and now
let's tackle this error next now regarding that error in the browser I mentioned that you can't a of
course prevent a fallback but B we can also install a package that makes this camera work here.
I want to start with the fallback though because that would be a valid strategy as well.
Now how could that work.
Well we probably want to find out if we're running in a browser or on a platform where it's likely that
we're not that will not be able to use the camera and that we can find out in which platform we're running
with the platform service let's check platform here.
Platform is imported from ionic angular and with that injected in the end zone in it here first of all
when I get a feeling for when what is true so let's check platform mobile when this is true and I will
do it for output mobile here so that we can see which result which result of this check here refers
to which while check property I will check mobile I will check hybrid.
I will also check Io s here and Android and I also want to check desktop
with all these checks added an NGO in it let's wait for it to restart.
Let's see what we get here.
And we should get this as soon as this new offer page loads and we see actually here surprisingly mobile
is true.
And that is why I wanted to show this to you.
You might have expected that mobile is false here in the browser.
Since this looks like a mobile view here.
But I'm still on my normal Mac OS browser but instead it is true because it is emulator here suffices
to send a signal that we're running does in Mobile mode.
That also means that we can't take this as a signal for whether we'll have a camera or not.
We see that hybrid is false here though so that's interesting.
IOW is true because I'm running this on my OS simulator here and therefore Android is false and desktop.
That's all the interesting is also false here.
So a hybrid seems to be an indicator for whether we're really running this on a native mobile device
or not.
If I don't preview this in mobile view and a now reload we can also see that we might want to position
these pictures differently but that's not the main thing.
The interesting thing here is we see mobile is now false.
Hybrid is still false I guess and or is false but desktop is now true.
So desktop is really just true of reviewing this in a non emulated mode which would probably be the
default for your wizards from your desktop devices but you can't rely on this.
That's my main thing I want to emphasize here.
So with that we know how to read that.
Now how does this look like on our emulators for dad of course.
We want to run our app on Android and on ISIS to get a feeling for that or I will actually just run
it on Android because the only difference will be that IOW check and you can rely on that being true
on an ISIS device.
But we want to see what happens to mobile and hybrid and so on when we run this on a real native mobile
device here it's starting up on Android
now let's go to offers and then a new off her page here and to see the console log output you can go
to run year in Android Studio does run tab and here you will see their log messages.
These are log messages I'm interested in and what we can see here is dead.
Mobile is true and hybrid is also true here.
And remember that was false when we previewed this in Mobile mode on a desktop device.
Never we can use this as an indicator.